# Fall16-Team15

Problem: There is a high hospital bounce-back rate among patients in the United States due to a lack of communication between the patient's current and previous physicians. Doctors and physicians have to spend a lot of time to get in touch with a patient's previous physicians because of inadequate means of communication. The process of getting in contact with a patient's physicians is non-systematic and tedious which often requires doctors having to contact multiple different facilities in different states in order to get in touch with a physician. Due to the sensitive nature of medical documents standard email encryption cannot be used to contact physicians and exchange documents so doctors have to resort to inadequate means of communications via fax, telephone conversations etc. Since many doctors today have hundreds of patients, contacting those patients' physicians is a tedious task and causes a lot of waste of time 

Solution: Provide an interface for doctors and physicians that allows them to directly communicate with each other while meeting medical privacy security protocols. Use Virtru to provide an API that uses HIPAA compliant emails, and create an interface around it that allows physicians to directly exchange emails and documents. Medical professionals can be verified by using their National Provider Identifier (NPI) and login can be secured by providing security encrypted key cards to the users. All email and communication will be stored on the cloud and access to information will be HIPAA compliant.
